hi well I'm not sitting in my chair
right now I'm in my bed boom and um
reason I my bedroom is because yesterday
I overdid it I I live in a townhouse and
I ran up and down my stairs a lot
yesterday um so my husband Damon who is
recording this thought it would be a
really good idea if I put myself in bed
for the weekend and so I'm not allowed
to leave my bedroom which is nice
because he brings me on my food and on a
tray and he caters to me but i just want
to share with you that right now I don't
feel so well my incisions hurt and it's
been a rough go last night I took a
shower and because I'm so swollen
putting the compression garment on me
was really hard koshwal wasn't like I I
thought we were going to break it I
didn't think of election go on I had
this fear of ripping then the big
zippered breaking and what were we going
to do and was it was a Friday night at
eleven o'clock and I mean I don't know
where to buy compression garments and
I'm but it all ended well and my
decision like I said it hurts right now
we put polysporin on it and we have like
massive amount to God's on it because it
hurts to have anything rub against it
and so I'm not a very happy camper right
now but that's what I told you I would
tell you all this stuff and I'm really
really tired so it's probably good that
I'm up in bed and we have when you have
a DVR or as Canadians call it the PBR
and so we have a lot of shows to watch
up here so it's pretty good
and well also too I wanted to let you
know that I have no appetite I don't
want to even need food so I'm drinking a
lot of orange juice anyways that's what
I'm doing right now i'll talk to you
guys later bye